and today I'll be showing you guys how
to change your honor points in the
justice points and just points an honor
and how to obtain them to the way to
obtain justice points is by doing
dungeons and you'll get justice points
for killing bosses and need to do pvp to
get on a point so level 90 had 270 honor
points for a win all right now for the
places that you get to change the honor
points and justice points is over here
in old town so we're going over there
now the conversion rates aren't like
equal so you will lose either justice
our honor points for whatever you turn
them into never walk into here and on
the map we're right here in Old Town and
in here you'll be able to turn your
honor points to justice points by
talking to this guide so for 375 honor
points you'll get 250 justice points so
it's not an even conversion but if
you're better at doing pvp and getting
honor points well then you can try to
win for justice points for your boa
armor then we run over here and then up
into this building is where you can
change or justice points to honor points
on the map right here and you will talk
to me it's this person no he's good
alright this guy for 375 justice points
you get 250 honor points it's still not
even conversion to change or justice
points and data points but if you have
more justice points on a point it's a
good way to switch them over thanks for
watching my video and please like
comment and subscribe for more content
you